(clothes rustling)
(dramatic music)
He can still stand?
It's fine. 'Cause
you're done, Urashiki!
Done, you say?
Don't underestimate
me, you little brat!
What, are you looking to
get beat up some more?
He's not bluffing.
He still has something
dangerous hidden up his sleeve.
(ravenous slurping)
It's not enough.
(gentle dramatic music)
(laughing maniacally)
(eyeball crunching)
Did he just eat his own eye?
What is he doing?
(chuckling maniacally)
(crunching loudly)
(giggling maniacally)
(gentle dramatic music)
(explosion booming)
(dramatic music)
(gasping)
He's changed his form?
I don't think that's the
only thing that's happened.
This is really bad.
I can feel evil chakra
pouring off of him.
(chuckling maniacally)
You fools, I'm gonna
beat all of you,
'til you die!
(opening theme music)
(singing in Japanese)
(tense music)
Big Bro and those
guys are gonna die.
Just what in the
world is he, anyway?
This whole situation
seems really bad.
What do you think we
should do, Konohamaru?
We should probably get someone.
Right! We need to go
and notify the village.
Not good!
(explosion booming)
What did he just do?
I didn't even see anything.
It seems as if his
powers have increased
and gone off the charts.
(dramatic music)
I'm gonna crush every last
one of you, all of you.
Well, except for Naruto
Uzumaki, that is.
What?
You're special, I
want you to suffer,
and then I'll drag
Nine Tails out of you.
Sound good?
There's no way I'm
gonna let you do that.
Yeah, and I'm not gonna
lose to you, either!
This time we gotta
stop him for good.
(grunting)
-(blades clanging)
-(punches thudding)
(grunting)
(yelling)
(blows thudding)
Damn it, I had no
idea our power levels
would be so different.
What are we supposed to do?
He isn't an opponent you
can approach carelessly.
For now, I'll take
the lead on this.
I'll do it!
Naruto, don't let your
emotions get the best of you.
You're the main one
that he's after here.
(explosion rumbling)
No way, what was that?
(groaning)
Oh, good, you're awake.
Sakura?
You fools are simply
no match for me!
Fire Style: Flame Bomb!
(flame roaring)
(explosion rumbling)
Did it work?
(inhaling raspily)
No way!
He ate it!
It seems like he
can't use any type
of Transportation
Technique in this state,
but in exchange he can tap into
some kind of enormous
reserve of power.
If only he were here now,
at least the playing
field would be level.
Come on, isn't there a jutsu
that could stop Urashiki?
Huh, old man?
Hmm, I'm gonna try to
stop his movement somehow.
You guys focus on keeping
him distracted for right now.
Okay, leave it to us!
(grunting)
-(blows thudding)
-(screaming)
Anything you might
try is futile!
Art of the Raging Lion's Mane!
You're really
underestimating me.
(screaming)
(rocks rumbling)
-(gasping)
-Pervy Sage!
There's just no way that
something as pathetic as that
is going to stop me, you fool!
(growling)
Earth Style: Dark Swamp!
This'll make sure you
aren't able to move anymore.
(soft dramatic music)
(explosion booming)
Is that really all you've got?
(growling)
Ah!
But, we're telling
you the truth!
Big Bro Naruto and his
friends are in trouble.
Believe us!
Please, at this rate, Big
Brother Naruto and them
are gonna be killed!
What's going on, guys?
A bad guy's attacking
Naruto and the others?
What should we do, Shikamaru?
You know exactly
what we're gonna do.
We're going to go help them.
Mm-hmm, yeah, you're right.
Let's go and save Naruto.
Last time, we let Sasuke
get away. Not this time.
We can't afford to lose
any more of our friends.
(chakra buzzing softly)
(grunting)
You've done enough for now.
If you use up any more chakra,
you won't be able to move.
I'll be just fine. Don't worry.
And the same goes for you.
You're in no condition to move.
(grunting)
Your wound isn't healed yet.
I'll be fine. You
stay here and rest.
Please wait!
There's just something that
I really want to ask you.
It seems all I do is
cause you trouble.
(dramatic music)
(chuckling maniacally)
-(punch thudding)
-(grunting painfully)
Damn it. Take this!
-(face thudding)
-(grunting)
Doesn't it didn't make you angry
that your friends
have to protect you?
Well I'll keep destroying
everything you hold dear
until you get angry enough
to give me what I'm after.
(grunting)
Just shut up!
(laughing maniacally)
His chakra's overflowing.
At this rate the Nine
Tails is going to emerge.
(clogs clacking)
You insects!
-(bodies thudding)
-(both grunting)
(groaning)
(tense dramatic music)
Stop, Urashiki. Don't
you dare touch him.
(clones popping)
(footsteps clopping)
(grunting)
I don't care if
you're the vessel
or anything anymore, brat.
Die!
(swords clanging)
(growling menacingly)
(metal clanging)
Don't get ahead of
yourself, Urashiki.
(tense dramatic music)
(wind howling)
I'm glad you're okay.
Well, well. I totally forgot
that you were even here.
(chuckles derisively)
So one troublemaker
gets taken down
and another one just
takes his place?
Oh well, it's all the same.
I'll just defeat you
like the last weakling.
By weakling?
I'm absolutely certain that
you can't possibly mean me.
Am I right?
(blows thudding)
Pervy Sage!
(dramatic music)
From the North to the South
to the East and to
the West as well!
Not even the gods can beat
this Legendary Sannin!
I am the White-Maned
Toad Charmer!
Red-hot ninja!
'Tis I, Master Jiraiya!
(dramatic music)
The numbskull's teacher's
also a numbskull.
So far you've been
doing whatever you want.
We're not letting you get
away with that anymore.
It doesn't matter how many
of you there are facing me!
Because ultimately weaklings
are all merely weaklings!
This'll end it.
(grunting)
(explosion banging)
No way!
Not to brag, but my Rasengan's
a cut above the rest.
I say that should
have done the trick.
(dramatic music)
That one actually stung
at least a little bit.
You may be garbage insects
but you do such
interesting things.
Your pitiful desperation really
does make me laugh though.
In the end, you're only mortals.
You're nothing but buffoons
playing a game of
monkey see monkey do!
How did he?
What's his deal? Is he immortal?
Stay focused.
Fire Style: Fierce
Dragon Flame Jutsu!
(flames roaring)
Ameno Subaruboshinomikoto:
Gyokkou!
Now die all you
annoying insects!
(laughing maniacally)
(harrumphs)
Just be gone!
(grunting)
-No! Stop it!
-(grunting painfully)
Urashiki!
Goodbye, trash.
(panting)
Get it together!
Oh, don't be so worried.
I'm going to kill
you last of all.
Quit messing around!
Just shut up and keep a
close watch as this unfolds.
After all you don't
want to miss the moment
when your precious
friends get annihilated!
(laughing maniacally)
Amaterasu!
(dramatic music)
-(swords clanging)
-(both grunting)
-(blows thudding)
-(grunting)
-(attack thudding)
(groaning)
Bastard!
(kick thudding)
(yelling)
(groaning)
(growling)
(dramatic music)
(grunting painfully)
Pervy Sage.
(soft dramatic music)
(body thudding)
(heart thumping)
(grunting)
(roaring)
(foreboding music)
Ah, at long last
the Fox awakens.
Don't let Nine
Tails overwhelm you.
Just calm yourself down.
Right now, Naruto's being
entirely controlled by his rage.
So he can't tell
friend or foe apart.
How interesting all of this is.
Show me some more
rage, Naruto Uzumaki,
and soon, now, I'm
going to be taking
all of your Nine Tails' chakra.
(groaning)
(roaring)
(explosion booming)
Whoa. They're so powerful.
Not good. At this rate,
Naruto won't make it.
What do you mean by that?
The Nine Tails' chakra
that's leaking out of Naruto
is a double-edged sword.
It may give him great
power, but on the other hand
it'll start rapidly eating
away at his body as well.
No way!
On top of that, this is like
a lavish feast of chakra.
Naruto will probably continue
fighting until he dies.
Then we've gotta stop
all this somehow.
He's now lost his
whole identity.
It won't be like the last
time that this happened.
And we'll need to find a
way to deal with Urashiki.
This'll be far from easy.
(tense foreboding music)
Dad!
What are you doing?
I won't let him die. I
know I could save him!
Hold on. What'd you say?
Don't tell me that he's going
to go for Naruto's Rasengan.
Is he going to try to catch it?
For crying out loud, having
gigantic idiots for students
sure is a lot of work, isn't it?
(gentle brooding music)
He's only got one shot at
this reckless scheme of his.
I guess the two of us
should save our strength
for the moment when he needs it.
(groaning)
Hey.
-(roaring)
-(blow thudding)
How interesting.
Go on, have a death
match between friends.
(somber music)
Yeah, right. This is nothing.
Naruto, don't worry
about all this. Okay?
After all I know you better
than anyone else. Don't I?
(growling)
I know you're way too strong
to allow yourself to be
consumed by your rage.
(roaring)
Come here.
(growling)
I accept it all completely.
Do you hear me, dad?
Boruto, no!
Just be gone!
(growling)
(soft dramatic music)
That was a really
nice throw, you know?
(dramatic music)
Guess I don't feel
like losing today.
[Both] Now we're gonna blast you
into a bunch of
tiny little pieces.
(dramatic music)
Fine then, whatever! I'll
just kill both of you!
Ameno Subaruboshinomikoto:
Ryugu!
(attack screeching)
(dramatic music)
(explosion booming)
(both roaring)
(laughing maniacally)
(blow thudding)
And that was one for the road.
(dramatic music)
You bastards!
Here's one from me. Kirin!
(attack crackling)
(attack roaring)
[Both] All this ends right now!
(roaring)
(dramatic music)
(screaming)
(screeching)
(dramatic music)
(explosion booming)
(exhaling tiredly)
Hey, are you all right?
The Nine Tails' chakra probably
drained him quite a bit
but he oughta be
okay after some rest.
Were we able to stop Urashiki?
That Rasengan just now
eliminated him completely.
So there's nothing to
worry about anymore.
We defeated him, you know?
Just like I said we would.
(body thumping)
(bright gentle music)
Having idiots for
students is a lot of work.
Boy, that's for sure, huh?
(bright gentle music)
We did it. Huh, dad?
(closing theme music)
(singing in Japanese)
(upbeat music)
So, now that you're done with
this adventure, what's next?
We're going back
home where we belong.
[Boruto] Mom and dad are
probably worried, so.
Okay, well, you're welcome
to come back and visit again
anytime you want.
Next time on Boruto:
Naruto Next Generations.
Crossing Time.
All right, let's get back
home to our Leaf Village.
(closing theme music)